[Sample (Scratched by Chief Xcel):]

Now you, who ever you are, 
as you're listening to what I'm going to say, 
will probably not want to believe what I'm going to tell you.
And there isn't any way in which I can make you believe; 
I can only state the facts as they are 
and hope that you will really believe me.

[Gift of Gab]
Hey yester-day you were supposed to meet me now I got to testify
I waited hours for you guess that all was just a lie
Figured you stepped inside soon enough you said good bye
"Peace Out! I'm gone and won't be back!" I head your echo cry
Oh how the seconds fly left without a second try
I check and try to recollect how I just let you die
And now I wallow in these severed ties

Of Yesterday [woman's voice]

[Gift of Gab]
Of yester-day girl your really gone I guess that's how it just should be
I had big plans for us today but now you're history
Today's a mystery you took pieces I miss of me
I keep on diggin deep tryin to find that kid in me
We had some really good discussions back then didn't we?
Befriended me but now we don't speak like we're enemies
And all I got is memories

Of yesterday [woman's voice]

[Gift of Gab]
But Yester-day memories are priceless and I'm really glad you left em
There etched inside I take a ride when driftin through the spectrum
It's just at times I dwell and dwell and then I have to catch up
To now while back in time it ceased to march it just kept on
I want you back I want you back when it was here I slept on
What I appreciate a little more now as a blessing
Now I'm complaining and regretting

About yesterday [woman's voice]

And I'm just goin nowhere fast

[CHORUS: woman's voice (repeat 2X)]
I don't try to stay here
I just fly away here
Out of my oasis
I am not complacent

[Gift of Gab]
Your stuck in a flurry of illusions goin nowhere fast

I am today I'm all that ever was and ever is and uh
It is an honor, don't become a mental prisoner
Just listen to the now and keep your mind from driftin off
I am the mission, the position of this instance uh
New opportunity to get the love your wishin for
To kick the door in to look for your ambitions, what?
You can move on out to elevate your existence up

Today [woman's voice]

I'm just today, I'm just the way I am
I am ever single day I am
I'm February, April, March and even May I am
I'm only what you make me hope I'm what you pray I am
Today I am, I'm never really far away I am
You better scope me like the hunter does the prey I am
You play "I am" out in the picture yes today I am
I'm everything your memory say I am

Today [woman's voice]

[Gift of Gab]
So seize me, I'm here to serve you if you serve me back
It's easy, but difficult that's time alone squeeze me
From beaming your feet when your all your actions turn to banking
An inkling, a hint, I'm moving faster than your blinking
So treat to just a slice of heaven why you cheat me?
Deceive me and now I'm hell inside these thoughts that link me
To flesh the soul it's bound to I was truly made to be free

Today [woman's voice]

Instead I'm going nowhere fast

[Chorus (repeat 2X)]

[Sample (scratched by chief Xcel):]
I'm only saying this to show how all around 
man or beast sleep away there gift of time 
and never know the beauty of a good life below

I'm bout to change the way I'm livin homey
I'm eatin vegan, no ham or baloney
I'm startin off my day with yoga stretches
I'm bout to master self to study lessons
I'm swearin off the weed and alcohol
I won't be affected by doubts at all
The sky's the limit, watch I'm bout to ball

I'm spendin every single dollar wisely
I'm writin songs that's bumpin like the Eisleys
I'll have the answers you can all confide in me
Nothin the day could bring that will surprise me
I'm buildin to the fullest every minute
I'm through talkin the talk, I'm bout to live it
Ain't even started yet, I'm at the finish line

Man I can't wait until it's here I'm sayin
Oh what, you haitin? What, you think I'm playin?
You think I ain't just go ahead and watch me
I'll use the lessons yesterday has taught me
I'm countin hours, minutes even seconds
Man I can't even sleep, I'll build my Heaven
Oh what, it here?  Oh, oh what, it's what?
Don't even trip, just give me one more day
It's really gonna be on tomorrow

[Chorus (repeat to end)]

Your stuck in a flurry of illusions goin nowhere fast [repeat 3X]

[Sample:]
There we are. All finished.  
And you don't know how much I appreciate your pardon.

Watch out blazing arrow

Do it just how you talk it
Nigga rolled in and walk it
Stick a toe in the water
Don't falter, go on and fall in
Tell me, do you know your calling?
Yo, what your mission is fella?
I caught this vision when I met a fortune teller 
In New Orleans French Quarter
on the bus bench an arbitrary corner
Sorta scary looking elder woman showed up outta nowhere
She stared into my eyes and said
"Sure as eyes green
You were conceived and walk the earth
Spit that heat, purifying I believe.
So are you ready for your cleansin?
Cause this is only the beginning."