[King Mez:]
I don't give one fuck
Off the top I wish a nigga would try a nigga
Real shit, y'all counterfeit
Y'all niggas bad business
That's why the game all fucked up
Fuck Glocks, I'm all about Fort Knox, nigga
Ridin' through your neighborhood
Throwin' money out the window like "What!?"
You about the dollar
(You know nothin' 'bout it) Your poor life been without it
My life in the spotlight
Oh no, no, no, I ain't even got to talk about it, talk about it
Hol' up, if you really 'bout it
Tell these mothafuckas we don't even wanna talk about it, what?

[Hook - Justus:]
I don't know everything, but one thing, one thing I do know
One thing, one thing I do know (I know, I know, I know)
Is one day I'mma have everything
It was all a dream... It was all a dream... (I want it all!)

[Dr. Dre:]
I just bought Cali-fornia
Them other states ain't far behind it either
I remember selling instrumentals off a beeper
Millionaire before the headphones or the speakers
I was getting money 'fore the internet
Still got Eminem checks I ain't opened yet
MVP shit, this is where the trophies at
D-R-E, this is where the dope is at
The world ain't enough, I want it all
Goddammit, I'm too old, I forgot I got it all
But Andre young enough to still get involved
And Andre still young enough to say fuck y'all
Fuck you, fuck you, and you in the corner too
If you wanna beef, make sure that that's somethin' you wanna do
There's some missin' people that felt that way too

[Hook - Justus:]
I don't know everything, but one thing, one thing I do know
One thing, one thing I do know (I know, I know, I know)
Is one day I'mma have everything
It was all a dream... It was all a dream... (I want it all!)

[King Mez:]
What the fuck was y'all thinking?
You let the wrong young nigga link with a legend
'Lotta new niggas talking crazy on the records
I'm the only king here, you can tell 'em that I said it
I'm the black Eminem, I'm the humbler 50
I'm D.O.C., who do it better? Nobody fuckin' with me
I murder rappers everyday, til' police come and get me
And Dre just come and bail me out and then we hit the studio
Ain't no new rap in my ear, too many depressed niggas
Emotional every song, deserve to have breast niggas
Crying bout my old girl, funny how I left niggas
Trying to get my ex boxed, Red Ring of Death niggas
I'm Kanye raising the diamond on the day of his chainin'
If this was you, your diamond wouldn't be worth the appraising
I'm just talking reckless, I'm just off the record
But I mean it, kept my blessings
We was dreaming, now we close enough to see it

[Hook - Justus:]
I don't know everything, but one thing, one thing I do know
One thing, one thing I do know (I know, I know, I know)
Is one day I'ma have everything
It was all a dream... It was all a dream... (I want it all!)

[Justus (King Mez):]
Listen, I've been tryna get it all
I'm just in this bitch, I'ma show 'em how to get involved
Yeah I want everything, yeah I want everything
Talk about it, hol' up, if you really 'bout it
Tell these mothafuckas we don't even wanna talk about it, what?