[Jimmy Iovine:]
Fear, fear's a powerful thing. I mean it's got a lot of firepower. If you can figure out a way to wrestle that fear to push you from behind rather than to stand in front of you, that's very powerful. I always felt that I had to work harder than the next guy, just to do as well as the next guy. And to do better than the next guy, I had to just kill. And you know, to a certain extent, that's still with me in how I work, you know, I just... go in

[Anderson .Paak:]
Sittin' 'bout a hundred stories up, like what the fuck?
And I'm just lookin' at it all
I'll be right here in Los Angeles
Lookin' like a villain layin' low
Nothin' I can do but pack it all up
Goin' up, but shit, I feel the love
Spotlight on me and I'm feelin' so rare tonight
Actin' a fool and feelin' alive
I'm fuckin' flawless like I live in a vault
Only type of livin' I know

[Anderson .Paak & Dr. Dre:]
See if it was you you would've killed yourself by now
It takes a special kind of mothafucka to live like this
And they ask me how I do it
Mothafucka just take a look around
Best believe I'm in the buildin' I hear you mothafuckas talkin' and all that but uh
No, no don't mention me at all
Yeah comin' live and direct
And I know you feelin' some type of way about it, but uh
Watch your mouth, I dare your ass to say somethin'
I thought it was all good
But now you mothafuckas crossed the line
Kinda pissin' me off
All the fans and all the fame, and though I gave everything to this game
They still complain
Now what the fuck do y'all expect me to do?
There's so much fuckin' pressure
There's all this pressure
And it's all in a day's work

[Marsha Ambrosius:]
Work, hard
Workin' so hard
24/7, 3-6-5
365, hard work
It's all in a day's work

[Dr. Dre & Anderson .Paak:]
My whole life all I ever thought about was grindin'
Even though my surroundings only showed me crime and violence
That was back when a rapper needed guns way more than a stylus
And that was back when I felt like rappers was true mothafuckin' riders
Or even back in the day when I was a fuckin' youngster
Shit I was still sayin', "Fuck the police"
Born and raised in the belly of the beast
I had a dream that we was at peace
But I was so wrong.. so wrong
Y'all too wrapped up in the bullshit and bias
Now reality TV talks about pulpits and choirs
Some of these hoes give less than a fuck when they runnin' their life story by us
It's the worst when I'm in a hotel, like a Hilton sick and tired
Some of these housewives way too fuckin' desperate
These bitches thinkin' fame first
I can't knock the hustle, it's all in a day's work
But that's that shit with potential to make the game worse
Shit it's just somethin' about that Hollywood curse
They just thirst

[Anderson .Paak:]
Hard times
I'm on my grind, fuck the part-time
Stay ready for war, I'm on the front line
I'm gettin' the feelin' like it's all mine
It's becoming the only feeling I know
Only type of livin' I know
Only type of livin' I know
Only type of livin' I know
Only type of livin' I know

Gonna go to work
We gotta work
We gotta work
Let's get back to work
On the grind, back to work

[Dr. Dre:]
Let's work
Rich as fuck, but, guess what, I'm back to work
Overseas, back home, no time to sleep, I'm back to work
So many people that I love, they want my time but I got to work
Some of my friends don't understand I got to work
Always talkin' 'bout bustin' the club but I'm like, "Fuck that I gotta work"
If you really wanna do it like this, shit you better get back to work
Back to work
Right back to work
Gotta get back to work
Shit, right back to work