[Dr. Dre]
Things just ain't the same for gangstas.
Times is changing, young niggas is aging,
Becoming old gees in the game and changing,
To make way for these new names and faces, but
The strangest things can happen from rappin, when
Niggas get wrapped up in image and acting,
Niggas get capped up and wrapped in plastic,
Zipped up in bags when it happens, that's it.
I've seen 'em come; I've watched 'em go,
Watched 'em rise, witnessed it and watched 'em blow.
Watched 'em all blossom and watched 'em grow.
Watched the lawsuits when they lost the dough.
Best friends and money: I lost them both.
Went, visited niggas in the hospital.
It's all the same shit all across the globe.
I just sit back and watch the show. (The watcher)

[Chorus:]
Everywhere that I go
Ain't the same as befo' (The watcher)
People I used to know
Just don't know me no more (The watcher)
But everywhere that I go
I got people I know (The watcher)
Who got people they know
So I suggest you lay low (I watch)

[Dr. Dre]
I moved out of the hood for good, you blame me?
Niggas aim mainly at niggas they can't be.
But niggas can't hit niggas they can't see.
I'm out of sight, now I'm out of they dang reach.
How would you feel if niggas wanted you killed?
You'd probably move to a new house on a new hill.
And choose a new spot if niggas wanted you shot,
I ain't a thug, how much Tupac in you, you got
I ain't no bitch neither.
It's either my life or your life,
And I ain't leaving, I like breathing.
Nigga we can go round for round,
Clip for clip, shit, fo'-pound for pound.
Nigga if you really want to take it there we can,
Just remember that you fucking with a family man.
I got a lot more to lose than you, remember that,
When you wanna come and fill these shoes. (The watcher)

[Chorus]

[Dr. Dre]
Things just ain't the same for gangstas,
Cops is anxious to put niggas in handcuffs.
They wanna hang us, see us dead, enslave us,
Keep us trapped in the same place we're raised in.
Then they wonder why we act so outrageous,
Run around stressed out and pull out gauges.
Cause everytime you let the animal out cages,
It's dangerous to people who look like strangers.
But now we got a new era of gangstas,
Hustlers and youngsters living amongst us.
Lookin at us, now calling us busters,
Can't help but reminisce back when it was us.
Nigga we started this gangsta shit.
And this the motherfucking thanks I get?
It's funny how time fly,
I'm just having fun, just watching it fly by. (The watcher)

[Chorus]

(The watcher)