[Intro - Lil Wayne:]
That's what they doin', camera on, they actin' like these singers, man. I ain't goin' to the studio until I got a situation. A subject, I need a beat, I need the producer. Who gonna be on the hook? Man, what is you doin'? Go in the studio with fuckin' clips, clips, ammo!

[Verse 1:]
Brand new Beretta, can't wait to let it go
Walk up in my label like, where the check though?
Yeah, I said it, wouldn't dap you with the left ho
Shut the fuck up, text from a centerfold, I ain't reply
Let her know I read it though
Voice mail say she ready though
Niggas know I'm credible, ain't no pussy on a pedestal
Got my foot on the 'cedes Benz pedal
Doin' 90 on the bridge like, "nigga you already know"
And if you don't know, then now you know, now you know
Switchin' up the angles
Now I'm in the Rolls with illuminated angel
Four or five chains made of gold gettin' tangled
My nigga Biz said, "the first mill gon' change you"
Change for the better, hit it then dead her
That's my vendetta, keep this shit together
Goddamn, we ain't even gotta scam
Cocaine coupe, we ain't even got a scale
Used to flip apps, now that old plug murked
Ain't a damn thing changed, you can still get the work

[Interlude:]
Just hold on one moment and someone will be right with you
(We're sorry, you have reached a number that has been disconnected or is no longer in service)

[Verse 2:]
Yeah, I remember how I went to Louis V with Haf'
Watched them spread ten thousand dollars on the glass
I never ever thought I'd see that in my life
Now I'm in the East cause my boys are gettin' right, man
I was on TV makin' fifty racks a year
After helpin' mama out the shit would disappear
I am not a man, I can't do this on my own
So I started askin' them if they would put me on
And they did put me on, yeah, they did put me on
Now we in the basement and we workin' on the phone
Now we in the basement and we workin' on the phone, line
Line blowin' up, workin' on the phones
Now we in the basement and we workin' on the phones
But I just couldn't do it, had to leave that shit alone, man

[Interlude:]
Hear what?
Yo hear what, tek time
[Laughing] Ahh, nuh shake
Yo hear what?
Wa gwan tek Gill
Him fried, him fried and a sleep awhile ago inna di van
You know Drizzy

[Hook x2:]
Blowin' up, line blowin' up, they need the whole thing
Blowin' up, my niggas really need the whole thing

[Verse 3:]
I do better with the rider in my system
Oh yeah, I'm on deck, when you call me I'll listen
I listen unless I been mixin', you know when I'm mixin'
You know when I'm mixin', I smoke when I drink, it's tradition
Like Zoe mama I go hippy
Peace sign in the air like I'm Nixon
I'm mixin', I am not Esco, but it was written
I knew when they didn't, I been had these visions
Of the life I'm livin' since I was Jimmy
All I had to do was just go and get it, and now we..

[Hook]