Four walls and a cauldron of Kalashnikoving, and our home is a trigger that I'm always pulling 
At the border, at the, at the border I'm at the border, at the, at the border 
The short spears and the weak eternal monologuing, and our war is the crucible of all your longing 
At the border, at the, at the border I'm at the border, at the, at the border 
I was there when the clamour got real I was there when your brow smashed the wall 
It's like a riot with only two perps, the more I'm here I'm making it worse 
But does it feel like you're already dead? (YES!) and do you feel like your brain stopped delivering? 
Yeah break my finger shoot out my black eyes, What does it matter if everyone dies? 
Hey Kemosabe I'm alone! Ayah! I am a! I am alone! 

Hey Kemosabe I'm alone! Ayah! I am a! I am alone! Hi-O Silver away 
So fast hence take an arrow from your quiver or we're, past-tense - what's a trilobite to anyone? 
I'm outta my depth, outta, outta my depth I'm outta my depth, outta, outta my depth 
My head reels and I'm crawling down the corridor, I can't see, but I'm heaving like a holocaust 
I'm reaching my phone, reaching, reaching my phone I'm reaching my phone, reaching, reaching my phone 
You wasn't there when I orphaned that boy,
(NO!) Your body was, and the white of your rollin' eye I saw some terrible things on that night, I done a lot of bad things with my life 

I put my fingers in thee, And I breeze past security! 
Nobody checking on all of my deeds, I need a checker for all of my deeds... 
Hey Kemosabe I'm alone! Ayah! I am a! I am alone! 

Hey Kemosabe I'm alone! Ayah! I am a! I am alone! 

And we be trapped in the amber, last joy... 
And I'm looking at a holy ghost.
But there's no silver bullet for a memory I, field dress every moment but you're telling me that Tonto say; 
I've lost my way! 
Hey Kemosabe I'm alone! Ayah! I am a! I am alone! 
Hey Kemosabe I'm alone! Ayah! I am a! I am alone! Hi-O silver away! 
Mmm, and I'm lost and I'm drained... 'nuff genuflecting in a penitent way! 
Hey Kemosabe I'm alone! Ayah! I am a! I am alone! So yippee-kayay! 
Hey Kemosabe I'm alone! Ayah! I am a! I am alone! Hi-O silver away!