Wake up Mr. West [echoes]

[Kanye West]

Uh, Yeah, Uh, yeah, uh, yeah, uh, yeah

[Piano drops]

And I heard 'em say, nothin ever promised tomorrow today.
From the Chi, like Tim its the Hard-a-way,
So this is in the name of love, like Robert says
Before you ask me to get a job today, can I at least get a raise on a minimum wage?
And I know the government administered AIDS,
So I guess we just pray like the minister say,
Allah o Akbar and throw em some hot cars,
Things we see on the screen are not ours,
But these niggas from the hood so these dreams not far,
Where im from, the dope boys is the rock stars,
But they can't cop cars without seein' cop cars,
I guess they want us all behind bars.
I know it.

[Chorus (Adam Levine)]
Uh, And I heard 'em say, nothin ever promised tomorrow today.
(ooooooooo)
And I heard 'em say, nothin ever promised tomorrow today.
(Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today.)
But we'll find a way
(And nothing lasts forever but be honest babe, it hurts but it may be the only way)

[Kanye]
They say people in your life are seasons,
And anything that happen is for a reason,
And niggas guns a clappin and keep to squeezin',
And Gran (Grandma) keep prayin' and keep believin',
And Jesus and one day that ya see him,
Till they walk in his footsteps and try to be him,
The devil is alive I feel him breathin',
Claimin' money is the key so keep on dreamin',
And put them lottery tickets just to tease us,
My aunt Pam can't put those cigarettes down,
Now my lil cousin smokin those cigarettes now,
His job trying to claim that he too niggerish now,
Is it cuz his skin blacker than licorice now?
I can't figure it out...
Im Stickin around....

[Chorus (Adam Levine)]
Uh, And I heard 'em say, nothin ever promised tomorrow today.
(ooooooooo)
And I heard 'em say, nothin ever promised tomorrow today.
(Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today.)
But we'll find a way
(And nothing lasts forever but be honest babe, it hurts but it may be the only way)

(Cuz every worthless word we get more far away, and nothing's ever promised tomorrow today,
And nothing lasts forever but be honest babe, it hurts but it may be the only way)

[Beat Changes]