(Oh hey Oh hey Oh hey
Hey Hey)

I'm living in the 21st century doin' something mean to it
Do it better then anybody you ever seen do it
Screams from the haters, got a nice ring to it
I guess every superhero need his theme music

[Chorus:]
No one man should have all that power
The clocks tickin' I just count the hours
Stop trippin' I'm tripping off the power
(21st century Schizoid Man)

The system broken, the school's closed, the prison's open
We ain't got nothing to lose motherfucker we rollin',
Huh? motherfucker we rollin'
With some light skinned girls and some Kelly Rowland's
In this white man's world we the ones chosen
So goodnight cruel world I'll see you in the mornin',
Huh? I see you in the mornin'
This is way too much, I need a moment.

[Chorus:]
No one man should have all that power
The clocks tickin' I just count the hours
Stop trippin' I'm tripping off the power
Till then, fuck that the world's ours
(21st Century Schizoid Man)

Fuck SNL and the whole cast
Tell them Yeezy said they can kiss my whole ass
More specifically they can kiss my ass hole
I'm an asshole? You niggas got jokes!
You short minded niggas thoughts is Napoleon
My furs is Mongolian, my ice brought the goalies in
I embody every characteristic of the egotistic
He knows, he's so fuckin' gifted
I just needed time alone, with my own thoughts
Got treasures in my mind but couldn't open up my own vault
My child-like creativity, purity and honesty is honestly being crowded by these grown thoughts
Reality is catching up with me, taking my inner child I'm fighting for custody
With these responsibilities that they entrust in me
As I look down at my diamond encrusted piece thinking...

[Chorus:]
No one man should have all that power
The clocks tickin' I just count the hours
Stop trippin' I'm tripping off the powder
Till then, fuck that the world's ours
(21st Century Schizoid Man)

Colin Powell, Austin Powers
Lost in translation with a whole fuckin' nation
They say I was the abomination of Obama's nation
Well that's a pretty bad way to start a conversation
At the end of the day goddamn it I'm killin' this shit
I know damn well ya'll feelin' this shit
I don't need your pussy, bitch I'm on my own dick
I ain't got a power trip who you going home with?
How 'Ye doin'? I'm Surviving
I was drinkin' earlier now I'm driving
Where the bad bitches huh? Where ya hidin'?
I got the power make your life so excitin'...

(Oh hey Oh hey Oh hey
Hey Hey)

Now this'll be a beautiful death
[Dwele:]
I'm jumping out the window
I'm Letting everything go
I'm Letting everything go
[x3]

You got the power to let power go flow

[Ad-lib]
(21st Century Schizoid Man)