[Hook:]
I do what I wanna do
I say what I wanna say
When I feel, and I...
Look in the mirror and know I'm there
With my hands in the air
I'm proud to say yea
I'm real, I'm real, I'm really really real [x4]

[Verse 1:]
I promise that I know you very well
Your eyes never lie even if they tell
Sweet lullabies that come with a smell
Of a dozen roses flippin' down the green hill
You living in a world that come with plan B
Cause plan A never relay a guarantee
And plan C never could say just what it was
And your plans only can pan around love
You love him, you love them, you love her
You love so much, you love when love hurts
You love red-bottom and gold they say queen
You love hand-bag on the waist of your jean
You love french tip and trip that pay for
You love bank slip that tell you we paid more
You love a good hand whenever the card dealt
But what love got to do with it when you don't love yourself

[Hook]

[Verse 2:]
I promise that I know you very well
Your eyes never lie even if they fell
Out the sky and your optics? turn stale
Where they mow that's green
I can see you fit the bill
Of living in a world that come with Plan B
Cause Plan A only can make another mistake
And you can't see success coming from plan C
When it all breaks you, you still say you love me
And love them and love when you love her
You love so much, you love when love hurts
You love fast cars and their present is old
You love fast women
You love keepin' control
Of everything you love, you love beef
You love streets, you love runnin', duckin' police
You love your hood, might even love it to death
But what love got to do with it when you don't love yourself?

[Hook]

[Verse 3:]
The reason why I know you very well
Cause we have the same eyes can't you tell
The days I tried to cover up and conceal
My pride, it only made it harder for me to deal
When living in a world that come with plan B
A scapegoat cause plan A don't come for free
And plan C just an excuse like because
Or the word "but", but what if I got love
I love them, I love when I love her
I love so much, I love when love hurts
I love first verse cause you're the girl I attract
I love second verse cause your the homie they packed
Burning like a stove top, they love cooking from scratch
I love what the both of you have to offer
In fact, I love it so much
I don't love anything else
But what love got to do with it when I don't love myself
To the point I should hate everything I do love
Should I hate living my life inside the club
Should I hate her for watching me for that reason
Should I hate him for telling me that I'm season
Should I hate them for telling me ball out
Should I hate street credibility I'm talkin' about
Hatin' all money, power, respect in my will
I'm hatin' the fact that none of that shit make me real

[Skit 1:]
"... I ain't trippin' off that Dominos anymore, just calling, sorry to hear what happen to your homeboy, but don't learn the hard way like I did homie". "Any nigga can kill a man, that don't make you a real nigga". "Realness is responsibility, realness is taking care of your motherfucking family, realness is god, nigga"

[Hook]

[Skit 2:]
"Alright that's all I wanted to tell you, just make sure you call us back when you get this message. Here go your mom."

"Boy you better have my jawn on full all this time you done had my damn car, but look I ain't tripping. Look, the neighbors say they seen you and your little friends over there by the food for less, and they was preaching to you over there telling you about the good book because right about now that's what ya'll need. Oh, and Top Dawg called the house too. I guess they want you and Dave to come to the studio. But look, you take this music business serious, and put out something me and your dad can step to. Shit, you know we from Chicago you know that's what we do."

[Bridge:]
Sing my song, it's all for you [x16]

[Skit 2 Continued:]
"If I don't hear from you, by tomorrow... I hope you come back, and learn from your mistakes. Come back a man, tell your story to these black and brown kids in Compton. Let 'em know you was just like them, but you still rose from that dark place of violence, becoming a positive person. But when you do make it, give back, with your words of encouragement, and that's the best way to give back. To your city... And I love you Kendrick, if I don't hear you knocking on the door you know where I usually leave the key. Alright? talk to you later, bye."

[Sound of a cassette tape being stopped and fast forwarded.]