Take a look at these hands.
Take a look at these hands.
The hand speaks. The hand of a government man.
Well I'm a tumbler. Born under punches.
I'm so thin.

All I want is to breathe I'm too thin
Won't you breathe with me?
Find a little space, so we can move in-between In-Between it
And keep on step ahead, of yourself.

Don't you miss it, don't you miss it.
Some 'a you people just about missed it!
Last time to make plans!
Well I'm a tumbler...
I'm a Government Man.

Never seen anything like that before
Falling bodies tuble 'cross the floor Well I'm a tumbler!
When you get to where you wanna be Thank you! Thank you!
When you get to where you wanna be Don't even mention it!

Take a look at these hands. They're passing in-between us.
Take a look at these hands
Take a look at these hands. You don't have to mention it.
No thanks. I'm a Government Man.

And the heat goes on...And the heat goes on...And the heat goes on...
And the heat goes on...Where the hand has been...And the heat goes
on...And the heat goes on...And the heat goes on...And the heat goes
on...And the heat goes on...And the heat goes on...And the heat goes
on...Where the hand has been...And the heat goes on...And the heat
goes on...
I'm not a drowning man!
And I'm not a burning building! (I'm a tumbler!)
Drowning cannot hurt a man!
Fire cannot hurt a man. (Not the Government Man.)

All I want is to breathe Thank you. Thank you
Won't you breathe with me?
Find a little space...So we move in-between I'm so thin
And keep one step ahead of yourself. I'm catching up with myself

All I want it to breathe
Won't you breathe with me Hands of a Government Man
Find a little space so we move in-between
And keep one step ahead of yourself. Don't you miss it! Don't you
miss it!

And the heat goes on...And the heat goes on...And the heat goes on...
And the heat goes on...And the heat goes on...And the heat goes on...
And the heat goes on...And the heat goes on...And the heat goes on...
Where the hands has been...And the heat goes on...And the heat goes
on...And the heat goes on...